if we're gonna get out of here we're
gonna need to get into that Watchtower
and to do that I'm gonna need a few
things
the guards were security bands to
control their ins and outs I need one
leave it to me that dude there
I need his prosthetic leg his leg yeah
God knows I don't need a rest from
looking at me juiceless all right and
finally on the wall back there is a
black panel
blinky yellow light you see it yeah
there's a quand X battery behind her
purplish box green wires to get into
that Watchtower I definitely need it how
are we supposed to do that well
supposedly these bald bodies find you
attractive so maybe you can work out
some sort of trade you must be joking no
I really heard they find you attractive
look it's 20 feet up in the air and it's
in the middle of the most
heavily-guarded part of the prison it's
impossible to get up there without being
seen
I got one plan and that plan requires a
frickin quarnyx battery so figure it out
can I get back to it
Thanks now this is important once the
battery is removed everything is gonna
slam into emergency mode once we have it
we got to move quickly so you definitely
need to get that last
well we could just get it first to them
provides I'll get the arm and leg